what's going on everyone in today's
video I'm going to give you a live
demonstration of using spo's random
prompt feature on the app I recently
posted a video about the top five ways
to practice public speaking and one of
the things I mentioned within that video
was the speo app so this is something
that is just landed on my radar but it's
an incredible tool and there's a free
version but there's also a paid version
and I love this app so much that I had a
zoom call with the founder his name is
Nico Nico from SPO it works and I met
Nico and I got to ask him what led him
to create this app because I thought it
was such a cool way and an accessible
way that people can practice their
public speaking skills now you will find
full disclosure you'll find Below in
this video I have a link for some of the
PA features within SPO if you want to
get a discounted rate you can do that
through my link and I do earn an
affiliate commission off of that but I
wouldn't promote anything I'm not a True
Believer in and I think that this is the
best digital public speaking tool I
personally come across so I am happy to
promote this especially knowing that
there are free versions as well and ways
that I think can truly help you become a
better public speaker and so today I'm
going to practice one of those free
versions with is a which is a random
prompt so wish me luck let's let's do
this let's try it out let's see how it
goes okay so you should be able to see
this on the screen as well because I'm
recording my phone screen so I'm just
going to hit random prompt if you could
learn any foreign language in an instant
which language would you choose and I
have three seconds this is like table
topics this is intense
if I could choose to learn any foreign
language which language would I choose I
would choose to learn Arabic my wife
grew up in Bahrain which is in the
Arabian Gulf and she spent about half
her life in Bahrain and half of her life
in England and many of her relatives are
from Bahrain and so I've always thought
it would be an incredibly endearing
thing thing if I was able to fully
understand read write and most
importantly speak Arabic I always felt
that that would allow me to connect with
that part of my wife's family that
otherwise they speak a little bit of
English but to be able to meet them on
their level and to show that I truly
appreciate their
culture and everything along those lines
it would be an important skill for me to
to learn Arabic now I have been trying
to do this believe it or not I use the
app du lingo and I have an incredible
streak of trying to learn this language
however full
disclosure
I haven't really fully learned Arabic I
have the long streak I think it's like
1,500 days in a row I've practiced on du
lingo but it sort of gamified it for me
and I've gotten a little bit lazy where
I'll simply go through the motions and I
won't
truly put on my
education hat and try to learn the
language properly therefore I think I
need to
continue to not only use du lingo but to
use it properly with the goal and
purpose in mind of why I want to learn
Arabic in the first place thank you for
the question
spico boom okay I ended with 2 seconds
left I'm going to click end here how did
I feel I felt good I'm going to give it
very confident there's one Higher that I
could have given it at one point I think
I said education hat which was a little
bit awkward so I'll save that and here's
the information that SPO gives me it
says you can't go wrong with that
speaking Pace the speaking Pace was good
add inflections in your voice to get
people's attention that's good feedback
so it said the pace was is good
eloquence five fillers five fillers and
if I drop down oh so that's a
subscription feature to know so this is
what I mean with SPO you get some of the
tools for free some come paid pausing
was good intonation Dynamic articulation
was clear word choice available and then
of course there's more activities that
you can download if you have the full
version but this is so cool having that
real time feedback and letting you know
that there's areas you can improve and
how to do that and just the idea of
practicing random prompts in real time
it's a lot of fun it's challenging but I
think that this is the one of the best
ways to practice public speaking and
especially the Q&A portion if you're
delivering a speech and you're going to
take questions afterward this makes you
think on your feet okay I'm going to do
one more for fun disas so I'm going to
click random prompt if you could have
any superpower what would it be this is
a tough one any
superpower if I could have any
superpower the superpower I would choose
to have is the ability to
fly this is a common superpower that
many people I think would lean to but
the ability to fly and to fly at
whatever pace
I wanted without any sort of negative
impact of flying too fast that it would
cause injury or something like that I
think it would be so incredibly
efficient first off I could choose to go
wherever I want whenever I want I could
go on vacations very quickly although
they'd be solo vacations now that I
think about this through Because unless
my wife's hanging on to my back which
seems a little bit dangerous but I'd be
able to get places very quickly
and for my 9 to5 job I actually do
travel quite a bit so this would be
convenient to be able to get quickly
from location to location I'd Sav the
company all sorts of money of course
because I would be just flying there
myself I wouldn't have to book an
airline flight and pay hundreds if not
thousands of
dollars flight would also be great for
those opportunities to get places when
you otherwise or that would otherwise be
inaccessible for example maybe there's
that VIP Party Up on the Rooftop of some
building and you have to go through a
long lineup in order to get into it hey
if I can fly I can just fly right up
there to the rooftop sneak in change in
the bathroom maybe hide my cape and put
my suit jacket on and I can stroll into
that party without having to wait in
line without having to pay cover you
could save people maybe somebody was
falling from a bridge you could catch
them for all of these reasons and more
this is why I would choose to have the
superpower of
flying okay I ended I was 1 second too
long I'm really trying to do the perfect
amount of time this is hard this is
challenging by the way haters can say
that this wasn't actually the first two
questions I got I promise you these are
the first two for this recording session
I had no idea what the prompts were
going to be what the questions you could
probably tell by my lack of knowledge
behind my answer that was very uh it
wasn't great especially the superhero
one okay so let's see the feedback I get
how do I feel eh I felt somewhat
confident about that one so I'll save it
and it's creating my report and I love
this about SPO the realtime feedback
Pace it said I was good my voice sounded
Crystal Clear that's great quence four
fillers four filler words so I got a
little bit better last one was five
filler words intonation Dynamic word
choice available pausing so this is good
feedback SPO tells me waade your pausing
wasn't enough you need to slow it down
and that's one of my biggest challenges
with public speaking I often talk too
fast I don't take that breath look
around the room and ensure I don't have
filler words this is such a cool tool
everything I'm showing you right now is
using the free version but this might be
an app that you want to check out as I
mentioned before I want to make this
very clear I have spoken with Nico I do
have the Affiliates program with the
link in this video description because I
believe it's a great tool this is
something that I think outside of
Toastmasters Toastmasters will always be
my number one because you can practice
in person public speaking but I've also
heard from a number of you who have said
wait Toastmasters isn't in my area and
I'm not so keen on the virtual
Toastmasters meetings well this is
something you can have in your pocket
that you can practice on a regular
basis download the app try it out for
yourself let me know what you think but
I wanted to create this little video
showing you the random prompt feature
within the SPO app I hope it added some
value to you let me know try out SPO
yourself did you do well with it what
types of prompts did you get let me know
in the comments and as always if this
video added a little bit of value to you
consider subscribing to my channel
thanks so much for watching that's it